This is a head-gum original.
No songs?
Yeah.
Eyes up.
Attention here.
Yep.
I'm back from behind the desk.
Why?
What's that?
I don't know.
I just thought that it was missing a sort of like...
Sheen.
Okay.
I didn't see you touch the cameras at all.
Are you sure we're all in frame?
We're in frame.
We're in focus.
I did all of this before everybody walked in.
I was on time.
It was already to go 12 minutes ago.
And that's when Marieco decided to be late.
I decided to be late because a mirror was late.
And I thought I had time.
You let her know that you were late.
We could have started without you.
That was the plan.
Yeah, I slept.
Where did this come from?
I slept on in Marieco because I was the only correspondence I had about this show.
So you didn't know this was happening?
I did.
But I forgot.
And then I got a 10 minute warning.
And I was in line somewhere else.
I'm like, oh shit.
Let me slack.
Who slapped me about this show, which was on in Marieco.
And then I raced over here.
Well, thanks for being here.
Look how nice that was.
Yeah.
Are you recommending yourself?
No, I'm saying, look how nice that was that I said thanks for being here.
Oh, yeah.
Because I could just be like, where were you?
What are you doing?
Well, you could just not address it at all.
Right.
Really?
So the fact that you're calling it out.
And then say, look how nice you have to pat.
You know, I have to pat ties.
Do you think time?
Do you think the listeners when they start the show,
they're like, I could tell this started 12 minutes late.
No, they can't.
And you feel like you need to address it?
Well, sometimes we start early.
Okay.
Wow.
Marieco coming in with the heat.
We also never start early.
We're always running late.
Just a little bit.
I'm always here physically, but the shit's not set up.
Yeah, exactly.
So I thought I had like 10 minutes of natural wiggle room,
but I thought I'd be nice by saying like in LA,
if you're five minutes late, you'd be like,
if we don't say anything.
That's just like baked into the DNA of the city.
Yeah.
I also found that Lanya was on this episode.
And I was talking to her.
And that's why I was late.
Yeah.
Because I was like, oh, she's not in there.
So I shouldn't have to be.
Yeah.
Well, you know, it's all about checking the calendar.
Right?
Because then you know who's going to be where and when and why.
And how?
Well, I trust her more than you.
Anything to do with the show.
I don't send the calendar, but she sends the calendar.
You want to trust her?
I need to go to trust the calendar.
Yeah.
We're starting to really understand how the machine gets going.
We're starting to see the inner workings of the show,
the planning of that.
We've kept it in the gun.
Casey and I was out of the movie three minutes before I walked out.
Yeah.
I was walking out of the studio and Jeff said,
do you want to be on the show?
Which Casey's like, you shouldn't.
We should say that.
Casey's icing on the cake.
Yeah.
Allie was supposed to be on the calendar.
Because on you said, what about the return of calm?
Allie's the cake.
Oh, is that what happened?
That's what the right.
I understand to have happened.
But I like that.
I'm not the most reliable narrative.
I'm only asking because on you said I was requested by me.
I think she says that to every guest.
Because she said that to me won't.
It's also the only way to be requested.
It's the only way to be requested.
That's not true.
We could be like, what about that one staffer who's like,
Why do you say smile?
You called me a staffer on the Ian Carme.
I like to think of this fucking network like a political campaign.
Right?
And guess who the fucking who's the candidate?
Me?
No.
Right.
It's either me or Cohen.
And I think that I'm more front facing.
And I feel like I have a good handshake.
Yeah.
You have a good handshake.
Are you saying it's between you two to be the candidate?
Actually, you're running against it.
Yeah.
His campaign manager, I think, is Peter.
Who?
Peter MacArthur.
I guess.
You guess?
Yep.
I said I guess.
Because I do.
Amir's pissed because I pulled him away from tennis to do this.
No, I finished tennis.
I-I-I-I-I-I.
He's on the calendar.
I'm on the crew.
That's true.
It's not my bad that you forgot.
Yeah.
In my, like, when this was scheduled, I'm like, okay, I have tennis to ten,
and then I'll come over here and I'll have plenty.
Did you do that on purpose, tennis to ten?
If it was baseball, would you do it at base?
Basis?
No.
I usually play at nine, actually.
Okay.
You know, yeah.
Tennis, anyone?
That's pretty good.
No.
What about, um, let me a second here.
We're going to really bring it home.
Um, name a couple of baseball.
Like, you're sorry.
Tennis.
Now you got me saying it.
Uh, maybe a couple of tennis ball brands.
I know there's prints.
Uh-huh.
I know that there's pen.
It's the big one.
We'll send Wilson.
Okay.
So, what, you know, Kiraeal?
No.
You don't Kiraeal?
Meryka, you got to know Kiraeal, right?
I don't know what that is.
It's, uh, it didn't even ask Casey.
No, you wouldn't know.
I know.
What is Kiraeal?
The number one brand of everywhere.
What?
They're number one in what they do.
Kiraeal is a cocktail.
Yeah.
Uh, champagne and cremdicacese.
Don't, don't, don't.
I can't.
Say that.
So I'm wondering if there would be uh,
cremdicacese and it's champagne and cremdic tinies.
He keeps crying and things that I say and do.
The, the US Open already has it.
Let's go to cocktail.
The honey juice.
What's the honey juice?
She's right.
It's actually been around for 15 years, but for whatever reason,
everyone's talking about it this year.
As if it's like been a week forever and it's like the,
yes, gold standard.
But I haven't heard it before.
What is it?
What's in it?
It's like vodka, honey do.
Two things cremdicacese.
cremdicinies.
Two honey juice.
Honey do is the worst.
I like honey do.
It's my favorite.
Melon.
Yeah.
It's always the one left over.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
It's always left in the bowl.
You know, you like, you prefer a cantaloupe.
Don't you do?
I guess, yeah, but it's like,
there are needs to be the astroscope.
It's good cantaloupe.
Yeah.
So much of it is made.
It's filler fruit.
Interesting.
The cantaloupe is better than most honey do.
Yes.
I agree.
But the thing is disagree.
What's that?
I feel like you have coven.
I feel like we're having a game night, and you're zooming in.
I mean, you're like, what did you say?
We can barely hear you.
It's not my fault.
When you send an edible arrangement,
it's often pineapple canaloupe and honey do.
And people go for the pineapple first.
And then if they're still hungry, they'll have the cantaloupe.
And then they'll leave the honey do.
They'll try one honey do to see if it's good honey.
And it never, it never is.
What's good honey do?
Water?
Yeah.
What?
I like honey do.
So I will actually stand for this shit.
Let's hear about why you like honey do.
I also said I like honey do.
And you told me I look like I have coven.
Why are we still talking about it?
Fine.
Let's move on.
I'm fine with that.
Every view of what he says is a weakness.
Okay.
Honey do does not have a weakness.
I think it's weak and flavor.
Yeah.
It's fine.
It's good and flavor.
It's often like, relax and flavor.
It has and juice.
Honey juice.
I just wanted flavorless juice.
I drink water.
That's what I'm saying.
Water is also good.
Water is really good.
Yeah.
Honey do often feels like I'm eating a piece of wine.
That sounds delightful.
I was in the wine.
It's fine.
You know what?
This is good.
Next time I'm with either of you.
You can have my honey do and I won't care.
Exactly right.
Well, we did the shows at Grammar Sea on your birthday.
I did bring you those cookies like we talked about the other week.
And you were pissed that it wasn't rind.
Sure.
It was the rhythm of the rhyme.
The rhyme.
Oh, dude.
I had a ball of rhyme.
I'm housing honey do.
We opened up a new Pandora's mom.
We might have to go with rhymes for the soft MoriP.
I think one more rice song and then I'll record the ten.
I think it's been like nine.
Interesting.
Are you going to pay for three or two?
I want to be.
What's that?
Can I write one?
Sure.
I think you should host another episode because I need a fucking week off.
And don't say, oh, you know, it's the easiest job in the world.
I'm fucking torn apart in front of the public eye every week.
Whether I prepare or not.
Whether I bring something to the table or not.
Sometimes I prepare out the wazoo.
People, you know, kind of shut down in the studio.
Get mad at me for a doxing their address.
Right.
Yeah.
Sometimes I don't prepare anything and it's a hit.
So I think Brink can take the reins for him and tell me.
I wanted to write a song that you would have to sing.
Like you did to me with rice.
So I still have to show up.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm less interested, but we can still do it.
We talked about this for the same.
Do you guys see this?
I think it's Papa John's commercial.
Or no, little scissors or some shit.
It's one of the main pizza things.
Do you not see this?
I don't know.
That's a commercial for me.
What is it about pizza things?
Have you seen a commercial for a pizza?
I know what he's talking about.
He's talking about a commercial.
Jersey Mike.
Listen to this.
It is a rhythm.
This is a rhythm by the size.
The size.
Wow.
It's like straight in front of you.
Did Jersey Mike's been?
Oh, Danny Davidos in there.
Wow.
Good ear.
Do you hear that?
I mean, do you guys think that they ripped us off?
Yeah.
We got to get Danny in here.
Let's do a deep dive on this.
Talk amongst yourselves.
I'm going to figure out which ad agency did this.
How?
What's that?
How would you possibly?
I think there's that IMDB for commercials, right?
I spot.tv.
Okay.
And then we should be able to figure out who produced it.
And who the?
Hi, dive advertising.
Interesting.
I did that number crunch in 20 seconds.
You said how?
You're such a naysayer, man.
You're like, if it isn't tennis or basketball or like.
Can't include that.
Like, not included.
You just aren't interested in seeing what's possible.
Meanwhile, me and Ania are trying to shoehorn in the best.
I never have it.
Now what?
You know who made it.
And what's your plan?
I said, give me a second.
And talk amongst yourselves.
I got advertising.
Great.
Googling that.
Talk amongst yourselves.
It was not this pressure.
This should have all been done offline before I got here.
We had the time.
Yep.
Yeah.
You did.
And you didn't take advantage of it.
Do you guys not have enough in common amongst the four of you
to not just wax amongst yourselves?
We only have in common and talk all the time.
So that's what we said.
Silent.
I said, we have plenty in common and we talk all the time.
We said everything that we need to say to each other.
Yeah.
This is so not how I want it.
This is like, oh, here we go.
Oh, here we go.
It's not a clickable link.
Who sent you this?
People posted it in the discord or on the subreddit or something.
And tag me on Twitter.
I mean, there's outrage amongst the head.
Listener ship.
Yeah.
This is, this is, um,
egregious.
Should we call them?
Call.
Jimmy.
I died advertising.
Oh.
Are they looking at us like?
Is this for a,
Olivia Roud Rigo Taylor Swift royalties conversation?
I think it goes.
You know, and I wish it was just as simple as that.
But I feel like it goes deeper.
I feel like they're like going to start, you know,
continuing on with this trend of stealing my ideas.
Mm-hmm.
And like the next jersey mix spot might be like,
fucking jeffery.
There's no way.
I'm, I fear that.
I'm not saying that that's a reality yet.
But I'm just saying, like, where does it stop?
Because you start with rhythm of the slice.
And that's two years ago.
Yeah.
I feel like they're like, oh, they forgot they did that.
I didn't forget.
Mm-hmm.
It's top of mind.
Jokes on him.
I'm not going to ring tone.
Yeah.
You remember?
Um, here we go.
Office hangs.
I'm on the high dive.
Uh, at H&C Instagram.
And they have a highlighted story of office hangs.
Mm-hmm.
Um,
The new office is coming together.
We're in Chicago, aren't I?
Uh, I don't want to dox them.
Well, town town.
I don't think you'd be very happy if I said, you know.
It's also like not hard for people to find that out.
If you found it in, it looks like Lincoln Park.
No.
That's cool.
Alley's from Chicago actually.
I mean, we're bringing our resident Chicago correspondent.
Where does that look?
Yeah.
Where's that building?
Oh, wait.
There is a street sign.
Ohio Avenue.
Yeah.
Wait.
Actually, you know what?
They had their address.
Are you from Chicago proper?
I was born Chicago proper.
Yeah.
So, well, do you have Chicago pride?
I think so.
Interesting.
And I've been told that I have a Chicago accent.
You do.
Yeah.
River North.
For sure.
River North confirmed 320 West Ohio streets.
So if you guys want to.
That's where the buyer is.
Don't want to wish ill on the office.
Environment of high dive.
But like if you want to send a strongly worded complaint.
Shouldn't, uh,
Either written and printed out.
Be half.
Yeah.
Just be like, hey, you know,
I know what you're up to.
Uh, and if you ever steal another idea from the headgum podcast.
Don't instigate things.
Info at highdive us.com.
Oh, don't get the rest.
Dead.
Yeah.
So many, so many.
I don't want to dock them.
Good God.
This just in high dive stealing our ideas.
Not a match-in, but if we hadn't used the same song website, like imagine if you were responsible for delivery, then you used to be so.
So it wouldn't be like the onion or you're saying truly it's like me and on your writing articles.
Yeah, it's that one.
Can I be like a fucking op-ed opinion writer?
Sure.
You can be an op-ed opinion.
Okay.
News.headgum.com.
That's not bad at all.
I'd actually love that for my guys.
No, but definitely reach out to that.
It's like the spicy salad you would write.
That's a good question.
What opinions can you possibly have that you would care about?
So like, what's the headline that's going to get shared around?
It has to be like, you see this?
Wait, baby.
The might influence some sort of like, let's put it on.
More than ideology throughout the nation.
Perhaps.
Okay.
Well, do you guys want to know what?
I had a conversation about what I would do to fix the country.
If I was president and had five executive orders.
Okay.
Do you want to know what they were?
Yeah.
Sure.
So the op-ed title would be, how I would fix the country.
Yeah.
An open letter from a...
Fucking say the list.
Dude.
You tripping over your own fucking thoughts.
Out with it.
Okay.
Well, the first order of actions now going to be.
And by the way, this is going to be pulling funds away.
And executive orders away.
From things that could have actually, like,
I don't know, changed the structures of our country that oppressed people in color.
And, you know, the LGBTQI plus community.
First executive order is your gone.
Oh, wait.
That's so...
That's patriotic.
Where do you want to go?
You can go anywhere you want.
We're going for that.
Probably not that.
Second order you're gone.
Portugal then.
Portugal?
Yeah.
Portugal or Senegal?
Portugal.
You don't want to be in the car.
Don't want to be in the car or the club.
Yeah.
You guys are fucking listed.
I would...
Basically eradicate public education being funded by localized income tax.
So it all would be pulled together at the state level and then redistributed equally.
So every high school in the state gets the same amount of funding.
So you don't have like rich areas of getting better education.
That's good start.
Okay.
And that goes for like all low income areas.
But what?
First one is I'm in fucking Portugal.
Second one is actually a little like public finance.
Here we go.
Third one is a mirror has to get a tattoo of my name on his eye.
You're wasting that.
You're wasting them.
To the first three are me having a tattoo in Europe.
The fourth is that the old office is now around.
It already is around.
A theater in the round.
Let me fucking finish.
I think we need more transparency in government.
I think that there should be a fucking...
It should be like a fucking wrestling.
Yes.
And outdoor amphitheater.
I don't care if it's winter in DC.
A wrestling ring is a square by the way.
It's a square circle.
Thank you.
And the last one is reparations.
Let's go to commercial.
Thank you.
Our next partner is athletic greens.
I take AG one by athletic greens literally every day.
And you know what?
I gave it a try because I was before on an entirely inconvenient supplement routine.
I mean, I was taking magnesium, glycinate.
I was taking vitamin D, vitamin C, B12, Bcomplex, etc.
It ended up being like 12 different pills.
And you know, I don't know about you guys, but I don't like doing things that are boring.
And it's boring to take that many.
They don't taste like anything.
You know, you really feel them going down some of these.
I mean, the vitamin C and the vitamin E's were like that big.
I found it inconvenient.
So I started to give AG one a try because it has all those things and more.
All immune supporting, good for your gut health.
And it makes me feel unstoppable.
I wake up every day.
I have a cup of water.
I have math.
I have electric greens.
And then I have coffee.
And I'm off to the races.
It really gets my mental right.
And I can't recommend it enough.
It's really helped me have improved digestion and also better sleep quality.
I feel like I wake up each morning better rested.
And there've been also, there've been times that I've traveled.
And I haven't been able to take my AG one with me.
And during those times, I do feel like I'm getting worse sleep.
And then I'm not as alert.
I'm always looking for life hacks.
And AG one is absolutely a life hack.
Because it's an all in one formula that makes it easy to cover your nutritional bases every day.
Every scoop is packed with 75 vitamins, minerals, and whole-foods, food sourced ingredients of the highest quality that give me major benefits.
And I definitely see the results in the way that my skin looks.
There's no downside.
I don't know what else to say.
I mean, it's delivered to me every month.
So it's super easy to make it a daily habit.
And it's the one good thing that you can do to look out for your health each and every day that kind of has...
What's the opposite of diminishing returns?
Just a bunch of benefits that compounding benefits, let's say.
So if you're looking for an easier way to take supplements,
athletic greens is going to give you a free one-year supply of vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
Just go to athletic greens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's athletic greens.com slash what's that?
Check it out.
Thanks athletic greens.
And we're back.
Oh, come on.
Farting in a dusty hallway.
Scott Con.
Oh, I like it.
All these brothers.
No.
Scott Con from Hawaii 50.
James Con's son.
Yeah.
Is that true?
Noah Con.
Is that your brother?
Music in a relation.
Got it.
I'm here.
Fast.
Say it fast.
Overlapping dialogue.
Like I always say.
Don't take a pause.
Just think about it.
Just the first thing that comes to your mind.
First of all, best.
David Con.
Is that real person?
Thank you.
Is the GM of the two rules?
Marinka.
Uh, but I don't think Comber Batch is Con from the Star Trek movie.
Not bad.
We got through it fast.
Here's another op-ed.
Open letter to the casting at Sony Pictures Studios.
Just fucking decide.
You know it's Aaron Taylor Johnson.
Okay.
Just like fucking cast his ass.
Bad decision, by the way.
He's not going to do a good bond.
I want it.
Okay.
All of my op-eds will be dictated by the way.
Yeah.
I only do get you.
What's that?
I think he'll do a good job.
Why don't I think he'll do a good job?
Yeah.
I mean, I'm sure he'd do fine.
I just think it's boring.
He looks basically the same as Daniel Craig.
So visually there's nothing there.
He's a fucking same thing.
He's a cradle robby.
So unless they're going to plan on having the bond,
the girls be bond women in their 50s,
which I think would be interesting,
which they're not going to do.
Then I ended discussion.
Let's give it to Daniel Caluia.
Sure.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I love you.
Yeah.
Compelling argument.
I'm on board.
Yeah.
I wanted to sort of fix your guys' problems.
Because you're in therapy.
No.
It's a prized.
You're not.
You would never.
Are you in therapy?
Yeah.
How's that?
Maria, you're in therapy.
Yeah.
All right, great.
So y'all, let me fix your problems.
Free of charge.
Okay.
What's the most pressing issue
that you feel comfortable sharing on air
that I can kind of help you with?
Casey, do you have one?
You?
Yeah.
I think I'm okay.
All right.
Yeah.
I feel like I'm, yeah.
Is it because of your stay at the cottage?
Yeah.
My stay at the cottage.
I finally used to give card that Jeff gave me five years ago.
You gave.
All right.
You gave card five years ago?
Yeah.
And I saved it.
And what was it a gift card for?
Airbnb.
So was an Airbnb.
Anywhere you want gift card?
Yeah.
It was.
And I almost spent it a couple of times
on the OJ Simpson tour of LA as a bit.
Hi.
Yeah.
On the OJ give the tour?
No.
But you go around and you see the spots in a white bronco.
Wow.
You get to ride in a bronco.
Yeah.
You're traversing the streets of Brentwood and a bronco.
But I couldn't find anyone who thought it was funny enough to be with me.
The gift certificate covered the entire trip.
No.
I had to throw down a little.
But it helped.
And I went to Japan.
We got a good state in a little tiny house.
Can you send me that listing?
Yeah.
I've been wanting to go.
It was really nice.
It looked amazing.
How many people did you go with?
Just one.
And it was their aromas and sheep and goats.
Next door.
I love her, her friend.
My girlfriend.
Oh.
What?
I want to hurt.
This is a bomb drop.
This is just in.
You want to talk about news?
Yeah.
They just broke up because of those fucking sound effects.
The girl with the Doc Martins and the moon a shirt has a girlfriend.
Can you believe that?
Oh.
Everybody.
No.
It's breaking news because we've talked about your dating life on the show.
Yeah.
So let's talk about this a perfect segue.
Dating it away.
Or should we say dating it to Pango?
Did you go to endless color?
No, it's not.
It's a pizza place that has natural wine in the canyon.
No.
That sounds nice.
Did you bless the reins down into Pango?
Oh.
There is nothing that the Ranga days could have.
A festival.
Barry needs references.
First and last name.
No.
Let's go.
Wait.
And what do they do?
Which works in music.
But.
Warner.
Look at me.
Don't look at me.
It's hard.
I want to look at Ali.
But I'm so used to being able to look forward from behind the desk.
Right.
I got into use to it.
It's electric.
Are we boring in America?
Kind of.
I mean.
Yeah.
I'm really excited to hear about.
How long has it been?
First date.
Let's go.
Third date.
And when you short a seal the deal.
Oh my god.
It's fine to talk openly about your personal life.
No.
Yes.
I didn't work.
And not on camera.
This isn't work.
This is a performance space.
Everything we say here is taken with a great assault folks.
Great.
They're with a great assault folks.
Amity.
Um.
Sorry.
No.
Okay.
First and last name.
When you met.
I didn't want to give any of them.
No.
Okay.
Then let's give her an alias.
The franchise.
Jennifer Gardner.
Oh.
You know what?
Speaking of.
I really like that she's still close with Victor Garber.
Yeah.
Let's talk about that.
Jennifer.
I also had an open question to post to the room.
Okay.
That's right.
So there's a story that has been a kind of story.
There is a story that is just a story that has been a story that has been a story.
If you could give a tour of any like cultural significance, what would it be?
Oh, we got a for you show out man because it's like when it ends up at these dead ends.
No.
I have to have an answer.
Okay.
Yeah, we're okay.
That's what we're talking about.
That's for like it should be learned.
Open question.
You said.
I gave an actual answer.
And you said, no.
That's boring.
There's a.
No.
Sorry.
I was also trying to continue my statement,
but then you said that my question was bad.
No, like, tour of something related to a movie
or TV show or murder or cry in general.
Like a breaking bad tour of Alba Curkey would be an exam.
Can I speak?
We don't know anything.
Can I speak, Marker?
Yeah.
I can speak.
You can talk.
Yeah.
Oh, my shit.
Serendipity in New York.
Yep.
That's your tour.
Oh, that movie's so bad, but it's very funny.
And they use the word serendipity every other sentence.
It's Joan Kusack in Capeck.
John Kusack, not Joan Kusack.
You're in great.
I think Joan is another person.
I think he's confused.
No, it's John Kusack.
Yeah, Joan.
Yeah, Joan Kusack is another person.
I know that's a different person, but she's not in a movie.
It didn't seem like you knew that.
Are you saying to her?
You think Joan is in it?
It's John.
Oh, that's John.
Every other scene they go, this is Serendipity.
That's good.
Yeah.
One of my favorite movies.
It's like I lose a note in the wind, and if it comes back to you, then we
were meant to be here something.
Yeah.
But Eugene Levy isn't it?
And he plays the shoe salesman, and he's very funny.
I think it's a great movie.
One of my favorite rom-coms New York Upper East Side.
I've never seen a New York Christmas.
I don't think you'd like it.
I'm not a rom-com guy.
It might be Eugene Levy, and I'm sort of debating whether to call you out on it in my
head, but I'm not 100% sure myself.
I think it's lovely.
Grace, cut that up.
Oh, great.
Actually, keep it in.
No.
The tour would start at Blooming Dales, then we go around the corner to Serendipity 3,
Frozen Hot Chocolate.
And then you fly to San Francisco, right?
You're fucking walking through Chinatown, going to Buddhist shops, and then you're back
to New York, getting a tour of the New York Times obituary, fucking archive, right?
And then you're, I think, son of the tour, I don't know, you're leaving.
I've never seen the movies, so I'm going to end it in the Waldorf story, I think this
is the end of the tour.
And then you end up at the Waldorf, and then you end on this ice skating central park.
Maria, go what would yours be?
Well, I want to hear everyone else's.
I don't necessarily have one.
My dad took me on one one, it's like I have me, self-made tour.
There was in Chicago, there's all these black buses, and it's like the gangster tour of
Chicago, and it shows you where stuff went down.
And I said, I wanted to go on it, and my dad said, save your money and get in the car.
And my dad got in the car, and he had a gun.
And he drove around and he was like, that guy would die there, that guy died there, this
happened there, he knew everything.
He's a one in the race, Chicago or, well, baller.
It was pretty interesting, so I think.
I could give a tour of pulp fiction filming locations relative to where I lived, so I
could be like, this scene from the movie, I lived down the street, that scene I lived
down the street.
I didn't live near the dining, so that's not on my tour.
It's kind of famous.
It's the man.
I hear it.
I'm pretty sure it's, it's an angle wood somewhere.
I see.
I could give a tour of places I smoked weed in high school.
That's really cool.
Around my town.
The movie.
White men can't jump, Venice Beach Street Basketball, the King in the Duck, Sydney Dean
and Billy Hoyle.
Yeah, they ruled these courts.
There was also a vast, yeah.
I felt like I was on the tour.
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp.
Guys, do you ever have racing thoughts that keep you up at night or wake you up earlier,
just prevent you from being able to enjoy your life?
Well, it turns out that a great way to get rid of those racing thoughts is to talk them
through.
And therapy gives you a place to do that, so that you can get out of your negative
thought patterns and find some mental and emotional peace.
I'm in therapy every week.
Well, actually, my therapist canceled last week, which is why I'm kind of spiraling.
And I just, I always feel better when I do have it, you know, I always feel like I'm
able to get that layer of, of muck or confusion about how I feel or why I'm like stressed
or anxious, et cetera, out in that hour.
And it helps me go into the weekend with a pattern my step and more mental clarity.
And a lot more space to kind of react to life as it happens to me.
And if anything goes wrong during the week or even right, but I don't know how to categorize
it in my mind as good.
I know that every Thursday, I have my therapy appointment to look forward to.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give better help a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch
therapist at any time for no additional charge.
Get a break from your thoughts with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help, HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
And we're back.
Defending, we loud.
New soundboard, we auditioned in the last week.
Marieka helped.
Marieka, what's your tour?
Marcus Frozen.
No, I'm not really.
No, I'm not.
You're like freezing up.
You don't have an answer.
Oh my god.
Yeah, I probably do like the locations from the first four seasons or something like that.
Okay.
Um, like I said, I didn't have one, and I wanted to see you, but let's go.
How you found the best?
You either in, or you're out.
I mean, they're out.
I will be caught dead in this close.
Fasten with my life.
Cool.
We'll be the next big fashion designer.
That's me.
Bottom line.
And the best.
I will own the runway.
But these 15 designers project runway is a chance of a lifetime.
I watched this season.
It's good.
This isn't project runway.
It's project done way.
Okay.
Um, we're going to be weighing how dumb each other's outfits are or not one by one.
So I didn't tell you guys to dress for the occasion, but let's start with Casey.
I think he took the, he understood the assignment.
Um, Casey, you're looking fire.
You have the green and yellow stripes on the socks.
You have matching the green pants with the yellow shirt.
And then you have the black graphic to you with the black graphic hat and the the vans
that, uh, to match last boot, um, no notes for me.
The only, actually, I wouldn't know.
I think you could have worn a faded or tape T.
Okay.
And I think, I'll take that note.
You should, you should get some thread bear basics.
Basically, yeah.
I, and I have a mouth guy if you need him, but basically set them free in your closet.
See what happens.
Set them off free in my closet in a way.
Okay.
You mean his shirts should be thinner?
I think that they should be like, yeah, more patented patented.
Yeah.
But that's like, that, again, you're the icing on the episode.
Sure.
That's that is, that is like, that's, um, that's like a real minor note.
But I mean, you're running the runway.
A minor.
Sure.
And if we're weighing dumb, you don't fall on that side of the scale.
Thank you so much.
Let's all give it up for Casey.
Thank you.
Thanks everybody.
I'm sweating bullets.
Who's next?
Um, let's move on, Marieka.
She has a striped shirt that's on too.
Can, can you stand up and back up in friends?
So we can see the pull out first.
Because right now we only have shirt glasses hair to go off with, which we can do that,
but I don't think it's going to work to your advantage.
Uh, so let's go ahead and tune to be honest.
Let's see those dockers.
The problem is that I am bottom of this.
I will, I will stand up, but I'm wearing the outfit.
I'm going to wear later on my bottom.
I'm wearing a jumpsuit that is around my waist.
Marieka, let's see it.
I need to be clear.
It's not, it's supposed to match.
I'm not going outside.
No, Marieka, you're underestimating the coolness of that choice.
Oh, yeah, you do, you're going to love what I'm about to say.
You do look like Carlos signs.
I'm going to an Arctic monkey sponsor after the recording.
Arctic monkey.
Marieka, I'm going to say, I didn't think anyone was going to be a case, eh?
And you, it's your day.
Oh, what does that mean?
Jump suit around the waist with like a French mimes T.
And did I mention the front braids down the side of the face to the brain?
Did you see me taking out my hair at the beginning of the recording?
Because I was like, I saw you signing into the Zoom late.
I don't know if I saw you taking your hair out.
But I'm going to get it on the beginning of that.
I'm going to give Marieka an A as well.
The only thing that I could, um, the only note would be like, maybe get that
really pulley on that, uh, frail ass wrist.
I'd love to see you in a vintage lady day just to tone Jubilee bracelet.
Moving on, it's, um, right to me.
Um, I guess you dressed knowing that we would look at and examine people's outfits
so you're fine.
I don't know if I dressed to make it out of it.
I mean, you know, I would have worn this day at groceries.
I don't know.
It's just like you kind of like dress with a job you want in the job that I want
to someone who is well dressed.
Yeah.
I feel like army rat or something.
I feel like Jeff and I are, uh, we look like we are in a band, the same band.
Uh, so I like it, man.
We're wearing the army fatigue top.
I'm wearing army fatigue bottles.
What style of clothes is that?
Like, can you, like, say, this is my style I want to go to this specific type of
story?
No.
There's no working for the lady in the way, just give me a fucking letter grade.
I honestly feel like we're all, like, we could all be the picture of a band with the way
that we're currently dressed.
I mean, it's like we're all the band's drama that always wears athletic wear.
Yeah.
Chad Smith, the type with the bathrooms.
Who's the frontman?
Jeffrey James.
Oh, my God, twist, time in the frontman.
Ali is the right choice.
Is that where you can, can you say the rest of our names, like you're introducing us?
Or does it just say the rest of our names too?
Just say all of our names, including yours.
Jeffrey James.
What, what, what?
You know, that's fine.
Just stop there.
Stop there.
Um, and then Grace, when I say who's the frontman, just take that audio from Rika and put
it there.
Um,
you're the bassist, man.
Man, that's generous.
I was thinking triangle or strings manager.
Well, Jeff is playing the bass, but it's not plugged in to anything.
It's fun.
Yeah.
And we're like, good job, man.
He's my cousin that I promised to play with us in a band.
Like Jamie Lee Curtis and Freaky Friday.
Yeah.
Like the frontman.
I was just saying, yeah, the man.
The roadie dude.
We were the roadie.
I'm going to drive our buzzer.
You're the guy in the front of the, the whole of the front of the buzz driving.
Yeah.
I'm very true.
This backfired.
Ali, you're very East LA today.
You have the, the loose fit relaxed fit denim.
You have the docks.
You have the moon assured.
It's all on brand for 2023.
The only note I would give is it's really hot for those socks.
I don't know how you walk to here.
Thank you for the feedback.
B plus.
He's just mad that he's not the frontman.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah, I can make my grades for Casey and Marie could be plus to be positive.
I almost want to skip a mirror because I don't want to be mean.
No, let's hear it.
Oh, I should have worn a different shirt to fucking play tennis in or something.
I didn't know we were getting critiqued on our fashion choices.
Honestly, no, the tennis at part of the outfit is good.
I just, I don't like the backwards hat.
It isn't 2001.
You're not Max Keibler making his big move.
And the socks look like, um, you accidentally printed out your game results from a
cron video game in the 1980s.
On to a sock, I guess I printed out my game results onto a song.
Yes, I don't know how you do that.
I don't know how you do that.
You didn't have enough ink, so the blues turned out yellow and the red turned out purple.
Can I have a new pair of sneakers?
I don't know, man.
You've got the same one since I started interning here.
That's not true.
They're falling apart at the scenes.
I don't care that they're comfortable.
Beauty is pain.
Let's get you in some stand smiths if you want to play tennis.
Could never play tennis in such a flat arched.
I actually wouldn't mind the return of the mustache.
Okay.
Maybe some, wow, let's throw back.
So Casey's shirts should be thread bear and I think your face should be thread bear.
Hmm, interesting.
Interesting or, uh, no, not really that.
Why didn't you grow out your hair in the pandemic?
I didn't.
No, like long.
And what pretty long?
And then eventually got to like coarse in my mouth and it was just uncomfortable.
So I kind of, I get that.
That's the first, what your hair type?
My hair type.
Yeah.
Oh, negative.
I didn't know there are types.
I have pretty dry.
You got to know your hair type.
You got to know your hair type, so you know how to shampoo it.
Yeah, I see what's your hair type.
Really shampooed.
We, it's like wavy curly.
Uh, I think.
See, you said hair type and my mind went to curly hair types, which are, uh, number and letter combinations.
Yeah, that's what I was going to say.
Yeah, well, I, I, I think I'm, I think it's like two, something.
Interesting.
Yeah, that makes sense.
You're sort of going through a hair journey right now.
I saw you with a mini braid, sort of the, uh,
pattern one again.
Yeah, um, what's the eventual goal?
Or is that the finished product?
The braid or just growing my hair, the hair journey.
Well, great question Jeff.
I'm glad you asked, uh, I saw a picture of Timothy Shalamey.
And I was like, this guy is great hair.
And I think I have a similar hair type.
I'm going to grow it out and see if that's true.
Oh.
And are you also trying to malnourish you?
Uh, yeah, well, I do want to lose a couple pounds on the,
I'm not talking about me and I think I grow the hair.
I don't even know what I'm talking about.
I'm saying not eating from now until you look like him.
And you kind of have your sternum popping out of your skin.
You have, I don't want to.
You have the bony knees, you have the bony.
I want, I want the Shalame hair and the grand gossling body.
That's really good.
Yeah.
And Ken, I mean, in Barbie.
More, oh, thinking they're, uh, drive or place beyond the pine.
That's good.
By the way, that's attainable.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're not far off from him and drive.
Thanks.
Yeah.
I do have the jacket.
And the drive.
To be him and the drive.
Would you die, would you die the hair for the full place beyond the pine's effect?
Uh, no, I think I, I really love my hair color.
Uh, I get a lot of compliments on it.
So I think that's you.
I wouldn't die it.
D minus just because I don't want to have you in class again next year.
Not a pleasure to have.
That's actually a family file, uh, oh, I think I had your brother Ben two years ago.
You guys remember those kids in school where it's like, oh my god, it's like a
Weasely family where it's like every fucking three years.
There was another like Donna Hugh and it's like the teachers remembered them.
Was my family really?
Yeah, me and my brother and sister.
We all had the same Italian teacher.
Wait, like they taught you Italian in school and high school.
Yeah, you had to take a foreign language so you could take at our school.
There was Spanish, Italian, French, Latin, I don't think Latin was one of them.
But my older sister took it and then I took it two years later.
And then my brother took it two years after that.
Interesting, interesting.
Uh, we have to move on.
Let's all, it's a roundtable discussion of if each of us was an entree.
What would we be?
So it's analyzing essence, taste, um, and
I don't know, cuisine.
Fucking help me out here.
I don't know, but you don't know.
You, you're transitioning into this as a thing that we have to do.
You have to speak and try ads.
Okay. Okay.
So when you wrote this down, did you write this?
So you're coming up with this idea on the fly.
Part of hosting is being malleable on the go.
So what did you have planned for this episode?
If you, like, just, let's get a real, I really don't want to nitpick.
And this is actually a positive nitpick.
That's a great example of overlapping dialogue.
When I'm editing this later, I'll see the wave of like I'm starting to say on the go.
I'm ending on the go as you say.
So let me continue that trend.
There it is.
What did you have planned for this episode?
The outline is intros, wax, bond of the week, Scott Khan.
Project, dumb way.
And that's it.
This is a good episode.
People are going to like the energy of this.
So the, the food thing was just out of the blue because you see that we're a little short.
And you want to talk to me.
I see that you're a little short with me.
I don't know if I appreciate it.
I'm still deciding.
I might.
I'm not sure.
Allie, I think you would be a lasagna.
What do you guys think allie would be?
I'm still thinking about it.
I think you would be.
Do you eat me?
Yeah.
Interesting.
What about a Chicago hot dog?
I almost said that, but that's two on the nose.
You have to think outside the fucking bunch.
No, allie, allie, allie, not a Chicago hot dog.
Allie is light and fun.
Yeah.
I got it.
Khan, candy.
Neapolitan, thin crust pizza with vegetables on the side.
I feel like a side salad that nobody eats.
I think pizza plays.
Cheats.
Seria, Bianco pie.
So instead of deep dish, which is.
I think Allie.
Yeah, that's worth it.
As a sizzling fajita potter, brought to your table.
Oh my god.
This has been really insightful.
Thank you.
Oh, and on the side of mine is an orange wine with a thin lift glass.
Okay.
And you want to bite it just to see if it'll break in your mouth.
Yeah.
And it does.
Chilled in a freezer so that when you get the orange,
it's like, is that fucking vibe?
It's you.
I'm just thinking of you at that endless color.
That's all.
Which you didn't go.
Which is an encodeo.
Getter.
Getter ass.
What?
You shouldn't go to endless color.
I don't know what that is.
Yeah, we don't know that.
So like color remind.
We can move on.
Everyone was supposed to give an answer for Allie.
I feel like every day.
I think I did.
I did lasagna.
Lasagna.
That's hurtful.
Why?
It's multi-layered.
I think that hurt your feelings.
I kind of thought it was a nice thing.
Yeah, it was a thing with Italian.
So of the three, which one did you hate the most?
I mean, I hated when I thought you were going to tell me.
I was a side salad at a pizza restaurant.
There's onions in there and nobody ever touches.
It's just mixed greens that are dry.
And you know, they're seeing globs of Caesar dressing on there or none at all.
Try roaming in a trash can.
And this is the domain that Chipotle got people sick of in 2015.
Casey, get her ass.
He clearly does not want to drag her.
Stop forcing it.
Choose violence.
You're like, uh, you're like, oh, oh,
everybody's, everybody's checking their flow.
That was a Jeffrey call.
That was my mother.
You're like, you're like, um, uh, you're like one of those salads that has like
strawberries in it.
Oh, that's nice.
A summer salad.
Yeah.
That's really nice.
Feta cheese, perhaps.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Something like really refreshing and like, oh, there's a lot I had this today.
Yeah, definitely.
Definitely.
Oh, I'm so relieved you guys like me.
Yeah.
We're going to over to Casey.
I'm thinking.
I'm thinking like a hearty, diener breakfast.
Yeah, like a real all American cup of sludge.
Yes, hot cakes.
Yeah, by the slice.
I was talking to a whole.
Edson a hole.
Yeah, towed a hole.
No, um, yeah, like those like not silver dollar full plate pancakes.
Um, really good smoked bacon and like eggs up.
You are what you eat, baby.
I think Casey's like a really classic.
Good.
Good, uh, plate of chicken wings.
I was thinking about that, too, but then I was classic.
He's come up twice.
I was going to say like a char broiled burger with like very good cheese.
Sorry, a lot.
Hold for sound.
It's a sound you added.
There's like a, there's like a private FBO around here.
So like there's not a lot of plates, which is why that's good location.
But sometimes it's a fucking asshole.
What's FBO?
I don't know what it stands for.
Yeah, that's the name of any airport.
Is it FBO?
Yeah, the X is an FBO.
Is it fly by over?
That might be it.
Um, I stand by what I said breakfast.
I remember dinner breakfast.
A lumberjack dinner breakfast.
That's cool.
Alley get his ass.
I just said that.
Yeah, I'm a burger cheeseburger nice.
Yeah.
I'm here.
Not chose.
Nice.
All right.
As in not show place to tell me what kind of food I'm going to be.
All right, let's do a mirror.
Oh my god.
A soup.
He's a soup of some kind.
Oh, yeah, it's cool.
I thought the such.
I was going to say, I was like, I really got a ramen.
Oh, I like ramen too.
I think you're like a stainless steel aluminum bowl with heavy cream inside.
That's someone tried and failed to whip into whipped cream.
Oh, so it's like foamy, but it's not congealed enough to be whipped cream.
They haven't discarded it yet.
Yeah.
It's sitting in the sink with a little bit of sink water in it too.
I'm like half man half amazing.
No, you're like a bowl of sour and you're like a little sour cream.
You're like, you're the spinning image of failure, yeah.
I turned into butter, but they realized they over whipped it and we're going to have to abandon it.
Yeah.
But now every time they see it, that's good.
It just makes them some coarse sense of that they even tried.
Exactly.
Make you a first bread and butter.
The idea of someone wishing they hadn't even tried.
Amir's kind of alley.
You're a doctor, get his ass.
Get his ass.
No, I don't know.
Maybe like, I could see, I could see you going a couple different ways.
That's awesome.
One is like an, I could see you being like a quality of mousse bush.
Oh, that's cool.
You're a burnt cheese, not a grilled cheese.
You're a burnt to a crisp sound.
Because part of me thinks that you would think it's funny to be like one good bite and that's it.
You're a cold hot dog straight from the bun.
Straight from the package, still in the oil.
There's a bun in it.
The oil.
The oil, the oil.
I could also see you being anything on the menu at needle.
You're a surgeon.
Child fun.
You're a straight one.
With those questions, you're a child fun.
The day's child.
Child fun.
After you're wetting, you're saying goodbye to all the guests.
Did you child fun?
Should have a child fun bar.
Grace cut that out.
Marica, I think you're like, um, um, I don't know, it's sort of interesting.
I think you're sort of like an egg drop soup with a side of galby.
What?
Plugs.
Did you guys have no idea what you want to point to people towards?
Um, we have to move on.
I have to get out of here.
So, um, you have to make me something that's not egg.
You're so, uh, uh, poutine.
Oh my god.
No, you're not poutine.
So when you've been internalized by that, thank you so much.
I love poutine.
No, like a poutine dish.
I was trying it.
That was me trying to be nice.
Fine.
You're, you're, um,
Marica's not gravy and fries.
Fine.
You're, um,
fucking, uh,
just a little bit.
I'm so happy.
Just I'm bugging out of his.
Yeah.
I'm so happy.
Marica, you're like,
leading the triumphs.
Begetty and meatballs.
That's cool.
Two nights are French.
Yeah.
Like really good, good play.
Well, constructed.
That's a little one little sprig abesal.
I was, I was thinking like some kind of pasta.
Yeah.
Tagly a telly.
I'll take it.
Wild, bor, ragu.
Kind of like,
what's that?
What's that?
Horrible.
The worst noise ever.
It's so.
That was smelling salt.
The audio.
Uh, okay.
Marica, you are a, um,
fucking, uh,
it just could go so many ways.
And I need to leave.
So I'm fucking on the spot.
I think you are a, uh,
fucking, uh,
it doesn't matter.
The plugs.
No, I think you're, um,
a kale Caesar.
I think he's a pretzel dog from auntie ends.
Okay.
I love you.
I'm giving you the things that I like genuinely.
Be fair to me for all of the things,
our things that I personally can't eat.
But okay, right.
Yes, then I get the cinnamon pretzel from auntie ends.
Thank you, thank you.
With the ideal dipping sauce of your truth.
Cheese.
Ranch.
Fucking cheese.
Blue.
Um, no, you know what you are?
Okay.
Here we go.
One last attempt.
For strikes in your ass.
You are the spicy fish fillet.
Birds of a feather in Williamsburg.
Have you ever had that sort of a session?
Yeah, you made me, you made me get that out of this good.
It's really good.
Yeah.
That's my favorite dish in New York.
So, plugs down the line real fast.
It's almost got to you.
Clovis.
Jayce, you what you got.
Listen to the pit wall.
Me, Marika, Jeffs sometimes.
Piles sometimes.
Jake sometimes.
I'm here.
Go to your primary care physician.
And ask for a full blood cavity.
So, the animal.
Who knows what you'll find?
Let's find a get results.
Alicolesterol.
Alweigh.
Alweigh, follow me on letter.
Boxed at Alicon, the mummy,
AlidashCon.
I see you as a pilaf.
Oh, yeah, we didn't really do Jeff.
Don't like pilaf, but I think she's
a little firm assell.
You know, the fucking pilaf.
That's it.
Every game plan Instagram at Marika.
I love the ribbon on all pilaf.
Peel off.
Kevin, don't peel off.
Oh, right.
Nice.
Peel off.
Oh, stalky grains in a plate.
What's so loudly it's pale.
As the rice is peeled off.
And the peel off is gone.
And the peel off is fried on it.
It's good eating.
V-P-Lop is fine now.
It's a side on the rice next to a fish sauce.
Marika, help me get out of here.
Yeah.
I already plugged your stuff, Marika.
I love it.
Oh, yeah, Marika.
On on letter box, Stylist in the pit wall.
Did you see talk to me?
I didn't know.
I'm scared.
You know, they advertised it as a scariest move
over the year.
I was not.
I didn't.
I've seen scarier movies.
Yeah.
But here, I'm not going to say what was scarier.
Uh, I thought infinity pool was scarier.
I can't do body horror.
Hmm.
I love it.
But they also never.
They didn't do jump scares.
Father son.
Have you ever gone out for a body horror movie?
I'd love to see that.
I think we're.
What's the body horror?
Like gourd.
Like small, but like it's like the horror of the body.
The body is so.
The human body is so horrific that you can make several kinds of movies.
That's fine.
Yeah.
Yankeling things coming out and you do.
It's like, oh, there's slime.
It's great.
Flush and fingernail, slowly being peeled off.
Yeah.
No, like that's right.
My own eye.
But that's fine.
Bamboo's shoe.
It's going under your toenail.
Biting down on a fucking nail.
So hard.
Penetrate both.
You